Add usage examples for reactive quantitative operators (#137)
bonsai-rx/docs: articles/reactive-visualizer.md

> [!Note]
> All notifications emitted by the inner [`WorkflowOutput`](xref:Bonsai.Expressions.WorkflowOutputBuilder) node are ignored. However, the type visualizer assigned to the nested workflow output will be considered as the default visualizer of the outer node.

### Example

> Use `Visualizer` to use the encapsulated workflow as a visualizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the encapsulated workflow as a visualizer without changing the elements in the original sequence.
```
